so many times in the military, you get put in places that you weren't
trained for, and that's a very difficult one. That comes to mind. Was
my first tour to Afghanistan. There was a group of Marines who were
the reservists from the middle of America. They were assigned as generated
mechanics and different jobs and and they got placed in a unit
that was was responsible for collecting. Uh, they're dead comrades
their body parts and then do inventories and place them on a plane
back to Dover to their family members. Ah, very difficult thing that
they were not expecting to do. They did not have the training for
but to understand that they were part of something much bigger, something
that was going to be, uh, fruitful for the whole unit, fruitful
for the families. And ultimately, when they left, uh, such a memory
of of service that they got to accomplish while they were in country